Ah, Brother Leopard is here
Why didn't you tell me in advance?
Hello big face
Do I have to report to you wherever I go?
Don't look
Hey, Brother Bao
Aren't you interested in our Ronan?
We were just about to send him to you.
Ouch.
The sunny leopard is in your eyes
Such a dirty person?
No no no no no
I'm here today to be ordered to sign a contract
I don't care about anything else
See, my brother didn't like you
You think you're a bit attractive
Are you doing this to your daughter?
Brother Feng
He's a scumbag!
Let go of the wealthy neighbor, he can't go down
Gotta mess with a courier
Isn't there a bastard in there?
Is that right or wrong?
My child has a home
I'm already married to Lu Xiao, and I still dare to be stubborn
I'll kill you.